                                           Django learning
Introduction and installation:
Django is i am now working with command prompt and then using python word we can see version of python installed in system.
But for me not showing switching to app.Here the problem is solved further then i met with problem of installing virtual environment in command
prompt
Day2:
 Django : It is python framework which used work with server side weba -applications by creating with api's
 Day3:
 Installed django and started the first concept Url routes it is nothing but a tab that contains url routing like /hi/hello seperate sqlite
 Apps are little components of our website.eg: consider facebook if we are developing facebook there may be small conponents and files
 seperated as apps like groups,ui..Each part is seperated into some component.The main difference between project and app is project provides
 component dependecies whereas app provides web application which written to perfom bussiness logic ..

While developing should provide two site which a admin site and client-side.
There is diffrence between app and project Here the project consist's of configuration and app for the entire website where app is the web
application

Request and response :
Then we have to code a request which returns some kind of response .. for that we using view.py this were client sees
code:
from djangp.http import HttpResponse 

def index(request):                                       V-u(app)
    return HttpsResponse ('hi')

then we have to map views to urls in app ...For that we have create urls.py..
Accessing request and responce:
Here i have to used the formula  (app-views to urls) -->Project.urls defining
(app-views to urls)-->Project.urls\..
(app-views to urls) --->project(urls)


The path parameter has four argument two for routes and views and another two for
kwargs and name ...

path() argument:route-->
It is a string which has url patterns  and compares the url pattern in urls.py in application
Here urls(project) sends request to url(app)  which returns it's argument's made reference as name

path() argument :kwargs -->
Arbutarty keyword arguments are passes in those dicitionary

path() argument :NAME
it acts as naming a url:



DAY :SOMEDAYS:
Purpose of view :
returns database,render templates,
To connect the app to main file we have to include it in the main setting .py..
To tell django for our app we have to include as Appname.apps.Cong=fig

and the request object that we specifed as attributes request what type of things it need and returns response..
In url pattern what we have to do is we have to specify the url pattern with path function that consists of routes and nane of the file ..
here any incoming routes will return the function we specified in the views.py it will direct to main file ..
after directing it will return to the main.urls there we can declare those thiinsgs


It is useful thiing to give a reference to funcion inside a path('',name of the function specified ,refernce name)


Django database:
Here there is setting.py in the django project which represents module level variable  represents django functions

